Improve docs on how to use local runners (#417)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/self-hosted-runners.md

The `cml runner` command can also be used to manually set up a local machine,
on-premise GPU cluster, or any other cloud compute resource as a self-hosted
runner. Instead of having a `launch-runner` job (as in the YAML above), simply

> [install CML](/doc/install) on the local machine and then run:

Reviewer: I agree that this paragraph could be rewritten to clarify that this is an alternative to the examples above but specifically referencing `launch-runner` isn't much clearer as that's just an arbitrary name.

Reviewer: > BTW that name not used in the BitBucket setup example, which is confusing when you open that tab and read the next paragraph, "In the workflow above, the `launch-runner` step launches..." cc @0x2b3bfa0 @casperdcl

Author: Yeah, the point is that a user like me, who are not well versed in CML (nor runners TBH) did a bunch of experiments just to find out if that job was necessary or not for local runners. How about something like:

> runner. For local runners, you do not need to define a job to launch the runner (like the `launch-runner` in the example YAML above), you simply [install CML](/doc/install) on the local machine and then run:

Reviewer 2: fixed in https://github.com/iterative/cml.dev/pull/417/files#r1046462973

> runner. Instead of having a `launch-runner` job (as in the YAML above), simply
> [install CML](/doc/install) on the local machine and then run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
runner. To do this:
- remove the `cml runner launch --cloud=aws --labels=cml-gpu` command from
  [your CI workflow](#allocating-cloud-compute-resources-with-cml)
- [install CML](/doc/install) on your local machine, and run:
```

```cli
$ cml runner launch \
  --repo="$REPOSITORY_URL" \
  --token="$PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN" \
  --labels="cml-gpu" \

>   --idle-timeout=180

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --idle-timeout="never"  # or "3min", "1h", etc..
```

```

The machine will listen for jobs from your repository and execute them locally.
The label(s) may be anything, but at least one of them must match the one

> configured in the `runs_on` of the YAML.

Reviewer: It may be better to keep more than one label in the sample above if we then say "at least one of them".

And where is `runs_on` shown? I don't see it in the code samples of this page.

Author: In the example YAML, look for:

```yaml
train-and-report:
    needs: launch-runner
    runs-on: [self-hosted, cml-gpu]
```

Reviewer 2: as per https://github.com/iterative/cml.dev/pull/417/files#r1046427536, moved to follow-up #412

> ☝️ **Note** The runner will automatically pull the Docker image in the local
> machine and execute the recipe in a newly created container.

Reviewer: Should we move this note up before the code sample? Also, we can use a proper admon like this:

```suggestion
<admon type="info">

The runner will automatically pull the Docker image in the local
machine and execute the recipe in a newly created container.

</admon>
```

Reviewer 2: > runner will automatically pull the Docker image

a bit misleading IMO. CML runners will only pull a Docker image if you specifically request it (i.e. `image: ...` in your CI workflow). Docker images aren't actually required. You could just run CI jobs in a sandboxed user account on your machine (no Docker required).

```suggestion
<admon type="info">

If your CI workflow uses a Docker `image`, you will need to have Docker installed on
your local machine. The CML runner will automatically pull images onto your local
machine and run workflow in temporary containers.

</admon>
```

> ⚠️ **Warning:** anyone with access to your repository (everybody for public

Reviewer: > Unrelated but could also use a proper admon (`type="warn"` in this case)

Reviewer 2: thx; opened #423

The `cml runner` command can also be used to manually set up a local machine,
on-premise GPU cluster, or any other cloud compute resource as a self-hosted
runner. To do this:

> - remove the `cml runner launch ... --cloud=aws --labels=cml-gpu` command from

Reviewer 2: @iterative/websites any idea how to stop this from auto-hyperlinking to `/doc/ref/runner#--cloud`?

Reviewer 2: moved to #424

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- remove the [`cml runner launch ... --cloud=aws --labels=cml-gpu`]() command from
```

Thanks to https://github.com/iterative/gatsby-theme-iterative/pull/153

  [your CI workflow](#allocating-cloud-compute-resources-with-cml)
- [install CML](/doc/install) on your local machine, and run:

```cli
$ cml runner launch \
  --repo="$REPOSITORY_URL" \
  --token="$PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN" \
  --labels="cml-gpu" \
  --idle-timeout="never"  # or "3min", "1h", etc..
```

Your machine will wait for and run CI jobs from your repository (note that the
`--cloud` option is removed).

<admon type="info">

If your CI workflow uses a Docker `image`, you will need to have Docker
installed on your local machine. The CML runner will automatically pull images

> onto your local machine and run workflow in temporary containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
onto your local machine and run workflows in temporary containers.
```
